# Contributing to Spring REST Docs

Spring REST Docs is released under the Apache 2.0 license. If you would like to
contribute something, or simply want to work with the code, this document should help you
to get started.

## Code of conduct

This project adheres to the Contributor Covenant [code of conduct][1]. By participating,
you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable behavior to
spring-code-of-conduct@pivotal.io.

## Sign the contributor license agreement

Before we accept a non-trivial patch or pull request we will need you to sign the
[contributor's license agreement (CLA)][2]. Signing the contributor's agreement does not
grant anyone commit rights to the main repository, but it does mean that we can accept
your contributions, and you will get an author credit if we do. Please use "Andy
Wilkinson" in the project lead field when you complete the form.


## Code conventions and housekeeping

None of these is essential for a pull request, but they will all help

- Make sure all new `.java` files to have a simple Javadoc class comment with at least an
  `@author` tag identifying you, and preferably at least a paragraph on what the class is
  for.
- Add the ASF license header comment to all new `.java` files (copy from existing files
  in the project)
- Add yourself as an `@author` to the .java files that you modify substantially (more
  than cosmetic changes).
- Add some Javadocs
- Add unit tests that covers and new or modified functionality
- Whenever possible, please rebase your branch against the current master (or other
  target branch in the main project).
* When writing a commit message please follow [these conventions][3]. Also, if you are
  fixing an existing issue please add `Fixes gh-nnn` at the end of the commit message
  (where nnn is the issue number).

## Working with the code

### Building from source

To build the source you will need Java 7 or later. The code is built with Gradle:

```
$ ./gradlew build
```

### Importing into Eclipse

The project has Gradle's Eclipse plugin applied. Eclipse project and classpath metadata
can be generated by running the `eclipse` task:

```
$ ./gradlew eclipse
```

The project can then be imported into Eclipse using `File -> Import…` and then selecting
`General -> Existing Projects into Workspace`.

[1]: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
[2]: https://support.springsource.com/spring_committer_signup
[3]: http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html